extract identical "contact us" section to component (#1244)
near/docs: website/components/ContactUs.mdx

## Contact us

> If you have any questions, or simply would want to chat with us, please do through one of our official channels. Also, jump into our Discord server and join our office hours every week-day!.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, or simply would want to chat with us, please do through one of our official channels. Also, jump into our [Discord server](https://near.chat) and join our Office Hours every weekday!
```
